+++
title = "Rename duplicate columns automatically while exporting worksheet data" 
description = "" 
weight = 12213 
+++

Aspose.Cells for .NET : Rename duplicate columns automatically while exporting worksheet data  

# Aspose.Cells for .NET : Rename duplicate columns automatically while exporting worksheet data


**Contents Summary**

/\*<!\[CDATA\[\*/div.rbtoc1590738045475 {padding: 0px;}div.rbtoc1590738045475 ul {list-style: none;margin-left: 0px;}div.rbtoc1590738045475 li {margin-left: 0px;padding-left: 0px;}/\*\]\]>\*/

*   1 [Possible Usage Scenarios](#Renameduplicatecolumnsautomaticallywhileexportingworksheetdata-PossibleUsageScenarios)
*   2 [Rename duplicate columns automatically while exporting worksheet data](#Renameduplicatecolumnsautomaticallywhileexportingworksheetdata-Renameduplicatecolumnsautomaticallywhileexportingworksheetdata)
*   3 [Sample Code](#Renameduplicatecolumnsautomaticallywhileexportingworksheetdata-SampleCode)
*   4 [Console Output](#Renameduplicatecolumnsautomaticallywhileexportingworksheetdata-ConsoleOutput)

## Possible Usage Scenarios

Sometimes user faces a problem of duplicate columns while exporting data from worksheet into the data table. DataTable cannot have duplicate columns so duplicate columns must be renamed before you could export worksheet data to the data table. Aspose.Cells can rename the duplicate columns automatically according to strategy specified by you with [ExportTableOptions.RenameStrategy](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells/exporttableoptions/properties/renamestrategy) property. If you specify [RenameStrategy](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells/renamestrategy).Digit, columns will be renamed like column1, column2, column3, etc and if you specify [RenameStrategy](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells/renamestrategy).Letter, then columns will be renamed like columnA, columnB, columnC, etc.

## Rename duplicate columns automatically while exporting worksheet data

The following sample code adds some data in the first three columns of the worksheet but all columns have the same name i.e. *People*. Then it exports the data from worksheet into data table by specifying [RenameStrategy](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells/renamestrategy).Letter strategy. It then prints the column names of the data table generated by Aspose.Cells. The following screenshot shows the data table with exported data in the visualizer. As you can see, duplicate columns have been renamed to `PeopleA`, `PeopleB` etc.


## Sample Code

## Console Output

Here is the console output of the above sample code for a reference.

PeoplePeopleAPeopleB

## Attachments:


