+++
title = "Applying Subtotal and Changing Direction of Outline Summary Rows below Detail" 
description = "" 
weight = 20403 
+++

Aspose.Cells for .NET : Applying Subtotal and Changing Direction of Outline Summary Rows below Detail  

# Aspose.Cells for .NET : Applying Subtotal and Changing Direction of Outline Summary Rows below Detail


This article will explain how to apply Subtotal to data and changing the direction of Outline Summary Rows below Detail.

You can apply Subtotal to data using [Worksheet.Cells.Subtotal()](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells/cells/methods/subtotal/index) method. It takes the following parameters.

*   **CellArea** - The range to apply subtotal on
*   **GroupBy** - The field to group by, as a zero-based integer offset
*   **Function** - The subtotal function.
*   **TotalList** - An array of zero-based field offsets, indicating the fields to which the subtotals are added.
*   **Replace** - Indicates whether replace the current subtotals
*   **PageBreaks** - Indicates whether add page break between groups
*   **SummaryBelowData** - Indicates whether add summary below data.

Also, you can control the direction of Outline **Summary rows below detail** as shown in the following screenshot using Worksheet.Outline.SummaryRowBelow property. You can open this setting in Microsoft Excel using **Data > Outline > Settings**


#### Example

The following screenshot shows the source Excel file used in the sample code below which contains some data in columns A and B.


The following screenshot shows the output Excel file generated by the sample code. As you can see, subtotal has been applied to range A2:B11 and the direction of the outline is summary rows below detail.


Here is the sample code to achieve the output as shown above.

## Attachments:


