---
title : "Web Extensions - Office Add-ins" 
description : "" 
weight : 12128 
toc : false
type: docs
url: /net/developerguide/workbook/web+extensions+-+office+add-ins/
---

# Aspose.Cells for .NET : Web Extensions - Office Add-ins


{{< panel title="Contents Summary" style="primary" >}}
*   1 [Web Extensions - Office Add-ins](#web-extensions---office-add-ins)
*   2 [Add Web Extension](#add-web-extension)
    *   2.1 [Sample Code](#sample-code)
*   3 [Access Web Extension Information](#access-web-extension-information)
    *   3.1 [Sample Code](#sample-code)
    *   3.2 [Console Output](#console-output)
{{< /panel >}}
 

# Web Extensions - Office Add-ins

Web Extensions extend Office applications and interact with the content in Office documents. Web Extensions add additional functionality to Office client to improve the user experience and productivity.

Aspose.Cells also provides the ability to work with Web Extensions.

# Add Web Extension

You may add Web Extensions(Office Add-ins) in Excel by clicking the **Insert** tab and then clicking the **Store**/**Get Add-ins** link. In the Add-ins box, browse for the add-in you want and add it.

Aspose.Cells also provides the feature to add Web Extensions by using the [WebExtension](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells.webextensions/webextension) and [WebExtensionTaskPane](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells.webextensions/webextensiontaskpane) classes. The following code sample demonstrates the use of [WebExtension](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells.webextensions/webextension) and [WebExtensionTaskPane](https://apireference.aspose.com/net/cells/aspose.cells.webextensions/webextensiontaskpane) classes to add a web extension to Excel file. Please see the [output Excel file](https://docs2.aspose.com/cells/net/attachments/89686048/89849869.xlsx) generated by the code for reference.

### Sample Code

# Access Web Extension Information

Aspose.Cells provides the ability to access the information of Web Extensions in Excel file. The following code sample demonstrates how to access web extension information by loading the [sample Excel file](https://docs2.aspose.com/cells/net/attachments/89686048/89849870.xlsx). Please see the console output generated by the code for reference.

### Sample Code

### Console Output

Width: 350IsVisible: TrueIsLocked: FalseDockState: rightStoreName: en-USStoreType: OMEXWebExtension.Id: 95D7ECE8-1355-492B-B6BF-27D25D0B0EEF

